Linger Action
Stay still.
Linger
Why are you blocking the gun for this damn undercover agent?
Why? Why?
let go
I'm afraid I've made a lot of mistakes over the years
Hurt a lot of people
If you must become famous
I am willing to sacrifice my life
The charge of washing the hall
Why should you bear the mistake made by Brother Gu Cheng?
Why do you say that?
If there is a next life
Be sure to remember Linger
Linger
Just carless.
Linger is no car, wake up
You wake up Ma Yun He Zongding your Ling'er
Linger
Cang Feng didn't expect me to misunderstand you all the time
Save your soul
Take away hahaha
Ah, be honest
Be honest, don't move Long Si
Long Si is not good
Lin Zhiqiang ran away